# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --frozen --no-hashes --no-emit-project --no-default-groups --output-file=requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ramalama-stack
aiohttp==3.12.2
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ramalama-stack
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via ramalama-stack
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   ramalama-stack
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   starlette
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via
    #   ramalama
    #   ramalama-stack
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   referencing
autoevals==0.0.129
    # via ramalama-stack
braintrust-core==0.0.59
    # via
    #   autoevals
    #   ramalama-stack
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   requests
chevron==0.14.0
    # via
    #   autoevals
    #   ramalama-stack
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   click
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   tqdm
datasets==3.6.0
    # via ramalama-stack
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   ramalama-stack
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
    #   ramalama-stack
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   ramalama-stack
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via ramalama-stack
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ramalama-stack
fire==0.7.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ramalama-stack
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ramalama-stack
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   ramalama-stack
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.2 ; platform_machine == 'aarch64' or platform_machine == 'amd64' or platform_machine == 'arm64' or platform_machine == 'x86_64'
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ramalama-stack
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   ramalama-stack
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
huggingface-hub==0.32.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   ramalama-stack
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   autoevals
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ramalama-stack
llama-stack==0.2.9
    # via ramalama-stack
llama-stack-client==0.2.9
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   ramalama-stack
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   ramalama-stack
milvus-lite==2.4.12 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   ramalama-stack
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   ramalama-stack
openai==1.82.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-api==1.33.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.33.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.33.1
    # via ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-proto==1.33.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-sdk==1.33.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   ramalama-stack
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.54b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   ramalama-stack
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ramalama-stack
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
polyleven==0.9.0
    # via
    #   autoevals
    #   ramalama-stack
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   ramalama-stack
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
pyaml==25.1.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   ramalama-stack
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   ramalama-stack
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   rsa
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   llama-stack
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   ramalama-stack
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   rich
pymilvus==2.5.10
    # via ramalama-stack
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   ramalama-stack
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   ramalama-stack
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   autoevals
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyaml
    #   ramalama-stack
ramalama==0.9.0
    # via ramalama-stack
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   ramalama-stack
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-stack
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   tiktoken
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   ramalama-stack
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   ramalama-stack
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
    #   ramalama-stack
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   fire
    #   llama-stack
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   ramalama-stack
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   llama-stack
    #   ramalama-stack
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   milvus-lite
    #   openai
    #   ramalama-stack
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   ramalama-stack
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   ramalama-stack
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   pymilvus
    #   ramalama-stack
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   ramalama-stack
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via ramalama-stack
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   ramalama-stack
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   ramalama-stack
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   ramalama-stack
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ramalama-stack
zipp==3.22.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   ramalama-stack
